Append jq-specific instructions to gigasecond (#150)
exercism/jq: exercises/practice/gigasecond/.docs/instructions.append.md

# placeholder

> To solve this exercise in jq, you'll need to use the [builtin datetime functions][date-funcs].
> jq can only parse datetime strings in full ISO8601 format: `1970-01-01T00:00:00Z`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To solve this exercise in jq, you will need to use the [builtin datetime functions][date-funcs].
jq can only parse datetime strings in full ISO8601 format, such as `1970-01-01T00:00:00Z`
```
